This is a binary installation package for the PyPgSQL extension module 
for Python, version 2.4, built for the OS/2+EMX port of Python 2.3.4.
This is a re-release, to pick up a later version of the PostgreSQL 
libpq client library.

PyPgSQL is an interface to the PostgreSQL RDBMS package, and includes 
a Python DB-API 2.0 compatible wrapper module.

This package can be used to connect to Vincenzo Venuto's OS/2 EMX port 
of the PostgreSQL RDBMS, from http://www.ecomstation.it/postgres/.
PostgreSQL doesn't need to be either running or installed on the machine
which uses this module, as this module is statically linked against
PostgreSQL's libpq interface library.

Please refer to the README.PyPgSQL file for more information about the 
PyPgSQL module.

The source archive (PyPgSQL-2.4.tar.gz) this package is based on 
was found at http://pypgsql.sourceforge.net/.

This package is a re-release, with the following changes from the
previous release:
- staticly linked against the PostgreSQL v7.4.5 libpq client library;
- the libpq build now supports local (OS/2) sockets, so the requirement
  to always specify a host named 'localhost' for local server
  connections has been removed;
- the libpq build now supports SSL connections.

This module was built with no changes to the PyPgSQL source code, and 
the only modification to the Distutils setup.py script was to add 
information about library names and locations.  The underlying libpq 
library was built with no source changes and an EMX multithread 
specific Makefile.

You need the Python 2.3.4 port installed before you can install 
this package - you should be able to get it where you obtained this 
archive.  PyPgSQL depends on the eGenix mxBase package, for which a 
binary installation which should also be obtainable from the same 
source.

To install (assuming a working Python installation), change to the 
directory containing the install script (install.cmd), and execute the 
script.

Please let me know if you encounter any problems with the installation 
package.  Bug reports about PyPgSQL should be directed as specified on 
the PyPgSQL home page.

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.
In no event will the packager be held liable for any damages arising from 
the use of the software.

Andrew MacIntyre
andymac@bullseye.apana.org.au
http://www.andymac.org/
September 20, 2004.
